People are familiar with
the term physician.
They're often times referred to as doctors.
Physicians collect health
history and perform
thorough assessments in
order to make a diagnosis.
If a patient is hospitalized,
the physician provides care to
the patient, during that time.
The physician collaborates with
other health care providers,
such as other specialists and therapists,
to ensure the patient has
all of their needs met.
They provide education to
the patient and family
and help the patient to
navigate through the complex
healthcare setting to get
their medical needs met.
Physicians are responsible
for overseeing
and managing the patient's
entire health care needs.
Physicians aren't the only choice
for a health care provider, though.
Nurse practitioners are another option that
can provide primary care to a patient.